Notebook
============

Download from [WoWInterface](http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info4544-Notebook.html)
or [Curse](http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/notebook).


Description
---------------

Notebook lets you create and share text notes in-game. Each note can be
up to 2048 characters long, and there is no limit on the number of notes
you can create.

Notebook will recognize notes sent by other players and automatically
add them to a temporary section of your Notebook, where you can read
them at your leisure, save them permanently, or update your note if you
already have one of the same name.

Type "/notebook" or just "/note" to toggle the Notebook window, or bind
a key in the standard Key Bindings window.


Creating notes
------------------

The first time you use Notebook, it will create a "Welcome to Notebook"
note with a brief description of Notebook's features. Feel free to
delete this note.

To create a new note, click the "New" button in the top right corner of
the Notebook window, enter a unique title for your new note, and start
typing!


Editing notes
-----------------

To edit an existing note, just click in the text area and start making
changes. Press the "Save" button to save your changes, or "Cancel" to
revert the note to its last saved contents.

You can edit multiple notes at once. An asterisk will appear next to the
note's title to show that you have unsaved changes. Remember, though,
that unsaved changes will be lost on logout!


Sending notes
-----------------

Before you can send a note, you must check the "Can be sent" option at
the bottom of the Notebook window for that note. You must also save or
revert any unsaved changes to a note before you can send it, and you
must wait 5 seconds between sending multiple notes.

To send a note, right-click its title, select "Send", and select which
channel to send the note to. When sending to a player, a dialog box will
pop up asking for the name of the player to send the note to. When
sending to a public server channel, a dialog box will pop up asking for
confirmation.


Receiving notes
-------------------

When another player sends a Notebook note to you (by whisper, guild,
officer, party, raid, instance, or a custom channel) Notebook will
automatically add the note to your "All" and "Recent" tabs. Notes seen
in public server channels (like Trade) are ignored.

You can permanently save a received note to your Notebook by clicking
the "Add" button in the bottom left corner of the Notebook window.

If you receive a note with the same name as one of your notes, you can
update your note with the contents of the received note by clicking the
"Update" button in the bottom left corner of the Notebook window.

Any received notes you have not saved will be lost on logout.


History & Credits
---------------------

* Cirk of Doomhammer EU -- original author, 2005-2006, 2008
* Kortanis -- maintainer, 2007
* Phanx -- maintainer, 2009-present


Feedback
-----------

Post a ticket on either download site, or a comment on WoWInterface.

If you are reporting a bug, please include directions I can follow to
reproduce the bug, whether it still happens when all other addons are
disabled, and the exact text of the related error message (if any) from 
[BugSack](http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info5995-BugSack.html).

If you need to contact me privately, you can send me a private message
on either download site, or email me at <addons@phanx.net>.


License
----------

Copyright (c) 2005-2008 Cirk, 2009-2014 Phanx. All rights reserved.  
See the accompanying LICENSE file for information about the conditions
under which redistribution and modification may be allowed.
